was talking to pj and i was i'm starting
to mary kate katie and pj the other day
about it p Jake I said to pj i just
finished two really bad books III don't
know what to do i I had to run to my you
know to a book that I've already read
that i knew i was going to love anyone
she said yeah those are my comfort reads
that's exactly right I wanted to reread
so I knew I was good I knew what I was
getting and i knew i was gonna love it
do they that's where you and I differ
because when i read a book as much as i
love the book i'm not going to read it
again i'm done i read the book i know
the story I'm finished yeah this one the
woman who watches the same will be 20 30
times so anything you can memorize the
line I come on i'm ronnie over and over
and over again they're my comfort movies
you have comfort movies you have comfort
me you know I'm energy the gray book
it's kind of like regifting how could
you say that I just took every later
book I'm sorry this matter what genre it
is Oh the only way I can cleanse my
palate in between book set either I've
read that I really love and I'm
desperate to find another good book that
I'm gonna feel good about yeah so I go
to my comfort reads I know I know it's a
definite guaranteed guarantee good read
no surprises no surprise what is it what
do you like surprises in life yes for
real you're the woman who watches the
holodeck 30 20 30 times you said smiling
and crying at the same place excuse a
little warning it is a cute movie the
great movie it's a great movie and it
makes me smile and cry 2 3 Musketeers
that all seen in the bedroom with the
two kids i love that or when he tells
her he loves her and great great love it
Toby and I watched I've watched it more
than once absolutely and that's how i
feel about books